Data Diary is private
There are no social-media buttons here. Other social-media services already exist for sharing your photos, interests and opinions.

A meditation space
We aim to create a quiet, honest space where you can reflect on your own life by looking at it from different angles. The default view is a timeline. You begin by sketching out your life by entering your birth date, then perhaps your first day of school around age 6, graduation from high school around age 18, a trip to Italy at age 22, etc.

Comparison
Once your timeline has a few events, it may be interesting to compare it alongside other other world events in history. Alternatively, you may want to compare your timeline to another figure in history, such as Albert Einstein or Abraham Lincoln. Did your lives begin the same way but diverge? How did you compare at age 18? What had each of your done by age 25?

Antisocial
The problem with social features is that it leads us to perform for our audience. That's fine when we want to look good and have fun, but when we need the whole truth.
We don’t want to share our failures and shame.

Data Diary is a place to be honest with yourself. It is a place to find meaning by looking at your life as it really is. Honesty lets you see how you have changed, or not changed. It lets you see things you might not have noticed.

Finding meaning
Whether exciting and unplanned or boring and routine, what you do is your life. But to find meaning, you have to examine the facts in different contexts.

The number of steps you walked today is an indicator of excercise. Your employment history shows where you have spent most of your time. Where you've been on vacation... well that's fun to see on a map.

But we remember events through emotions. How you felt after a first date. The thrill of victory and the complexities of tragedy and compassion.

Data Diary is an private online vault that holds the statistics of your life all in the same place so you can put your personal experiences under a microscope, or examine it as one big timeline of events.